DESCRIPTION.rst, before:

signalr-client-py
=================

Python client proxy for `SignalR <http://signalr.net/>`_.

Requirements
------------

Install the following prerequisites using `pip`:

* `gevent`
* `sseclient`
* `websocket-client`

The `gevent` package in turn requires Python headers.
In Debian based distributions (such as Ubuntu and Raspbian) they are called `python-dev`.

Compatibility
-------------

Only compatible with Python 2, not Python 3.

Usage
-----
Here is sample usage::

   #create a connection
   connection = Connection(url, session)

   #start a connection
   connection.start()

   #add a handler to process notifications to the connection
   connection.handlers += lambda data: print 'Connection: new notification.', data

   #get chat hub
   chat_hub = connection.hub('chat')

   #create new chat message handler
   def message_received(message):
       print 'Hub: New message.', message

   #receive new chat messages from the hub
   chat_hub.client.on('message_received', message_received)

   #send a new message to the hub
   chat_hub.server.invoke('send_message', 'Hello!')

   #do not receive new messages
   chat_hub.client.off('message_received', message_received)

   #close the connection
   connection.close()

Commit message:

Update README, DESCRIPTION.rst and setup.py to more accurately reflect Python and gevent compatibility.

DESCRIPTION.rst, after:

signalr-client-py
=================

Python client proxy for `SignalR <http://signalr.net/>`_.

Requirements
------------

Install the following prerequisites using `pip`:

* `gevent`
* `sseclient`
* `websocket-client`

The `gevent` package in turn requires Python headers.
In Debian based distributions (such as Ubuntu and Raspbian) they are called `python-dev`.

Compatibility
-------------

Compatible with Python 2 and 3.

For Python 3, you need to install a version of `gevent` >= 1.1rc1.

Usage
-----
Here is sample usage::

   #create a connection
   connection = Connection(url, session)

   #start a connection
   connection.start()

   #add a handler to process notifications to the connection
   connection.handlers += lambda data: print 'Connection: new notification.', data

   #get chat hub
   chat_hub = connection.hub('chat')

   #create new chat message handler
   def message_received(message):
       print 'Hub: New message.', message

   #receive new chat messages from the hub
   chat_hub.client.on('message_received', message_received)

   #send a new message to the hub
   chat_hub.server.invoke('send_message', 'Hello!')

   #do not receive new messages
   chat_hub.client.off('message_received', message_received)

   #close the connection
   connection.close()
